<!-- doctree start -->
Table of contents:
- [About the documentation](/docs/README.md)
- [Arguments Types](/docs/arguments_types.md)
- [Custom properties](/docs/custom_properties.md)
- [Generator functions](/docs/generator_functions.md)
- [Tutorial](/docs/tutorial.md)

In this article you can read about:
- [How to read the documentation](#how-to-read-the-documentation)
- [Older versions of the documentation](#older-versions-of-the-documentation)
- [How to write the documentation](#how-to-write-the-documentation)
<!-- doctree end -->

# About the documentation
## How to read the documentation
The best place to start is the [tutorial](/docs/tutorial.md). The tutorial page should be sufficient to get you started with the basics of the library. The tutorial page has links to the other pages in the documentation.

## Older versions of the documentation
If you're looking for an older version of the documentation, just open it on GitHub using the different version tags. The links in the documentation are set up so that you can use them without being redirected to the current state of the repository.

## How to write the documentation
All documentation files are stored in this repository, in the docs directory. We chose this solution over the wiki because it is easier to maintain and you can easily read it for any version of the program.

The list of pages at the top is automatically generated by the [generate_doctree.py](/generate_doctree.py) script. If you add or remove a page, please run the script to update the list. The first title of the page will be used as the name in the doctree.

All links in the documents should use the path relative to the root of this project. For example, a link to this file is:
```md
[About the documentation](/docs/README.md)
```
This will allow us to have working links in the documentation even for the old versions of the application.

